Clean up Storyboard Scripting (#4826)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Storyboard_Scripting/en.md

# Storyboard scripting

> ![An example of scripting in .osb](img/SBS_Base.jpg "An example of scripting in .osb")

Reviewer: Maybe update the image with windows 10 ui.

Author: I'd love to do that, but in a separate PR (dunno how soon I can get ahold of my PC)

In addition to the [built-in storyboard editor](/wiki/Beatmap_Editor/Design) to create [storyboards](/wiki/Storyboards) for maps, a plain text editor, such as Notepad or [Notepad++](http://www.notepad-plus-plus.org/), can also be used. This workflow is called **storyboarding by scripting**, or SBS, and allows one to be more precise (to the pixel and the millisecond) as to when sprites appear, how they behave, and so on.

> ## Beginner's guide

Author: how about "Overview"?

> An overview of the storyboard scripting concepts by Doomsday: [osu! - Storyboard Scripting for Beginners (12:22)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJ1YLDs-bZg "YouTube").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an overview of the storyboard scripting concepts by [Doomsday](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18983): [osu! - Storyboard Scripting for Beginners (12:22)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJ1YLDs-bZg "YouTube").
```

## Full specification

> *Note: save your work in the built-in editor first, as it optimizes some things out, and only then in Notepad. **Save often** to prevent accidental progress loss.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: Save your work in the built-in editor first, as it optimises some things out, and only then in a plain text editor. **Save often** to prevent accidental progress loss.*
```

> The storyboard scripting process is primarily based on [the official specifications](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1869) and experience in making large storyboardss. Although the osu! wiki articles provide simple examples, they are not step-by-step guides. Instead, the explanations aim to exhaustively detail how the basic scripting commands translate into the on-screen actions in osu!.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The storyboard scripting process is primarily based on [the official specifications](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1869) and experience in making large storyboards. Although the osu! wiki articles provide simple examples, they are not step-by-step guides. Instead, the explanations aim to exhaustively detail how the basic scripting commands translate into the on-screen actions in osu!.
```

> Before writing storyboard scripts, please read about [the terms and basic concepts](/wiki/Storyboard_Scripting/General_Rules) to prevent possible further issues and misunderstanding. For more in-depth explanations, see:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before writing storyboard scripts, check [the terms and basic concepts](/wiki/Storyboard_Scripting/General_Rules) to prevent possible further issues and misunderstanding. For more in-depth explanations, see:
```
